welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
the fifth wave
ohio high schooler cassie sullivan armed
with an m4
carbine emerges from the woods to raid
an abandoned gas station
upon entering she hears a male voice
calling for help
she finds a wounded man who points a gun
at her
but they ask each other to put their
respective weapons down
his other hand is under his jacket and
as he takes it out
she sees a glint of metal and kills him
thinking he was holding a gun
but he was in fact holding a christian
cross the screen cuts to black to show
her backstory
a colossal alien spaceship is circling
earth
guided by extraterrestrial life referred
to as
the others ten days later the others
unleash their first
wave an electromagnetic pulse that
permanently disables all electrical
power and communications worldwide
the second wave has the others
manipulate the planet's geology and
fault lines
causing earthquakes and mega tsunamis
that destroy coastal cities and islands
including hallandale beach tower bridge
bangkok and new york
lake erie floods but cassie is able to
survive by climbing a tree
for the third wave the others modify a
strain of avian flu virus and spread it
across the planet via birds
the population is decimated with
cassie's mother one of the casualties
cassie her father and her younger
brother sam
find a summer camp in use as a refuge in
the woods with roughly 300 survivors
a few days later an army unit with
working vehicles rolls into the camp
the unit's commander colonel vosh claims
there is an imminent threat of a fourth
wave and they will take the children to
safety at wright-patterson air force
base
intending to bring the buses back to
retrieve the adults
cassie is separated from sam and
witnesses the army massacring all the
adults
her father included cassie makes her way
toward the base
but is shot in the leg by a sniper and
passes out
about a week later she wakes up in the
farmhouse
of a young man named evan walker who
saved her
cassie leaves towards the base with evan
but learns that he isn't
other sent years ago as a sleeper agent
and merged his consciousness into a
human host
the sleepers roam their designated zones
killing human survivors
evan admits his humanity was reactivated
when he saw her
disagrees with the invasion and lets her
leave
he warns that colonel vosh and the
military are possessed by the
consciousness of individual others
at the base the military have used
deception and technology to convince the
rescued children that the humans outside
the base have been possessed
they provide military training to the
children forming them into squads to go
on kill missions outside the base
sam has been placed into a squad led by
ben
a boy cassie had a crush on along with
ringer
a tough teenage girl dumbo and teacup
while out on a kill mission ringer
removes her military implant
causing her to register as an other
possessed human on the squad scopes
the squad deduces the plan to have them
kill real unpossessed humans
making them the fifth wave ben sends his
squad into the woods and returns to base
claiming his squad was killed for the
purpose of retrieving sam
who was left behind ben confronts
colonel vosh about child warriors being
the fifth wave and cassie kills sergeant
resnick during her one-on-one
indoctrination spiel
ben and cassie find each other and leave
to find sam
evans sets off numerous bombs and
advises them to quickly find sam before
the destruction of the entire facility
colonel vosh in the surviving military
others evacuate with the human children
by military aircraft
cassie ben and sam escape with help from
ringer
just as evan completes the destruction
of the base
ben's squad is reunited and cassie
ponders the strength of hope as
humanity's driving force for survival
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
[Music]